---
city: Romsey
county: Hampshire
country: UK
published: false
website: 'http://www.eflorist.co.uk/'
telephone: 0845 459 0088
email: customer.services@myeflorist.co.uk
address1: 'Unit 35 Romsey Industrial Estate '
postcode: SO51 0HR
address2: 'Greatbridge Road '
facebook: 'https://www.facebook.com/eFlorist.flowers/'
twitter: 'https://twitter.com/eFloristflowers'
pinterest: 'https://www.pinterest.co.uk/efloristflowers/'
instagram: 'https://www.instagram.com/efloristflowers/'
heading: eFlorist
categories:
  - Retail
---
## eFlorist

Send Flowers Anywhere
To send flowers online is a fast and convenient way of having flowers delivered to a friend, family member, loved one or even a colleague for a special occasion or perhaps ‘just because’. eFlorist is the new trading name for Teleflorist, a name which has long been synonymous with sending flowers and quality florists for many, many years. We have been helping people make their friends, family, colleagues and loved ones happy, noticed and remembered since 1947, and have long been the leading flower retail company so if you are looking for a florist near you, you can be as confident in the service you will receive as we are confident in our name.

The flowers delivered by our local florists are the finest and freshest flowers and the bouquets are personally prepared and hand created meaning our same day flowers delivered and our next day flower delivery service is unrivalled in quality, our efficiency is something that our customers return to again and again.

We send flowers all over the UK, Ireland and can even send bouquets internationally, from Australia to the United States. With our experience in sending flowers spanning more than 60 years, you can rest assured that as soon as you have decided which flowers delivered would be best received, your order will be handled swiftly, safely and efficiently.


Fresh Flowers Online
Alongside the convenience of choosing flowers online, and our fast and efficient flower delivery service, all our flowers are fresh and nothing less than perfect is used for our flowers. Our hand delivered gifts show care and thought. Ordering flowers online need not seem impersonal, our florists fully understand an occasion for which flowers are sent is an important occasion and every measure is taken to ensure that personal touch.

We have florists all over the country so wherever you live, or wherever they live, the order is sent to the closest local florist to the recipient. This ensures minimal travel for the flowers and keeps them looking their best for longer. In the event a delivery is attempted but not completed, arrangements will be made to ensure the delivery is completed as soon and as safely as possible, and a card will be left with details on how to arrange this.

Euroflorist also operates in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Netherlands, Norway, Poland and Sweden.


Beautiful Flowers Delivered
A flower delivery is more than a simple present, to send flowers to someone is to send a beautiful gift but also to send your best wishes, your kind thoughts and your thoughtful words. For any occasion, having flowers delivered can make a special day remembered for years to come, from welcoming a beautiful new addition to the family to congratulating that special someone on a fantastic new job or sending thank you flowers in appreciation of the help someone has given you that you couldn’t have managed without. Thanks to our expert florists using only the finest and freshest flowers direct from the grower, we are able to guarantee the freshness of your stems for a minimum of seven days meaning your thoughtful gift will be enjoyed for as long as possible and you can be sure that it will be remembered for even longer.

We know that a lot of thought goes into every bouquet, sent for that special occasion on moment in your life. We give you the option to add a card personal card message to each bouquet we send. We know that sometimes words are hard to find, so we have made this step simple by giving you the choice of our best card messages, from the heartfelt to the funny, from the poetic to the poignant.

Funeral Card Messages | Birthday Card Messages | Get Well Messages | Romantic Messages. 


Same Day Flower Delivery
We know all too well that life is full of surprises and no matter how well organised you are, there will be an occasion when you need to have a bouquet of the most beautiful, hand-prepared and hand-delivered flowers on the same day. Thanks to our network of extremely talented and highly professional local florists, you can place your order for flowers online before 3pm Monday to Friday for same day flowers to be delivered almost anywhere in the country and make your special occasion remembered for as long as possible. Order from our Sunday Delivery range on Saturday before 11am for delivery on Sunday. 

Our aim is to make it as easy as possible for you to send flowers around the corner around the world and make your friends, family, colleagues and loved ones feel happy, noticed and remembered. Make someone happy today with a gorgeous bouquet of same day flowers delivered by our amazing florists.