---
heading: "Romsey Retail and Business Forum (RRBF) "
date: "2016-04-12"
"end-date": ""
"start-time": "06:00"
"end-time": "07:30"
organizer: ""
email: "info@romseychamber.co.uk"
telephone: ""
website: "http://www.thepalmerstonrooms.com/"
attachment: ""
place: "-"
address1: "3-5 Palmerston Street"
address2: ""
city: Romsey
county: Hampshire
country: ""
postcode: SO51 8FG
published: true
---



Romsey Retail and Business Forum (RRBF) holds an evening event every other month. The activities vary. All local retailers and business owners are welcome.

One of our newest members, Kay and Graham of 'The Palmerston Rooms Bed & Breakfast' have kindly offered to host the next evening RRBF on Tuesday 19th April 2016, 6.00pm.

The Palmerston Rooms is a recently renovated and upgraded Bed and Breakfast in a beautiful grade 2 listed building.

Formerly known as The Wessex Guest House, the building has been used as a B&B for at least 50 years. The building dates back to the early 18th Century, formerly being two separate houses.

Graham has been in the hospitality trade all his working life and his claim to fame is that he has cooked for the Queen and Prince Phillip on a number of occasions whilst working in Stockbridge.

Kay started her working career as a beautician and has continued to do this whilst also working in the hospitality trade. The Palmerston Rooms will offer beauty treatments to our guests and the general public.

They have now decided to put their combined years of experience into this new joint venture.

Kay and Graham will give us a short tour followed by light refreshments however numbers are limited so please email us to let us know if you wll be attending or to give apologies.
